



Network Working Group                                        . Lejendarm
Internet-Draft
Intended status: Informational                             . Grenadingue
Expires: March 28, 2018                               September 24, 2017


                    Citizen.io Organization Protocol
                         rfc-citizen-org-proto

Abstract

   The Citizen.io Organization Protocol is an organization layer above
   the individual one that allows every organization pattern
   implementation.  It is a limitless, modular protocol.  It can be used
   to build a decision process between 2 people, up to replace a
   political process that involves the whole human civilization.

Status of This Memo

   This Internet-Draft is submitted in full conformance with the
   provisions of BCP 78 and BCP 79.

   Internet-Drafts are working documents of the Internet Engineering
   Task Force (IETF).  Note that other groups may also distribute
   working documents as Internet-Drafts.  The list of current Internet-
   Drafts is at https://datatracker.ietf.org/drafts/current/.

   Internet-Drafts are draft documents valid for a maximum of six months
   and may be updated, replaced, or obsoleted by other documents at any
   time.  It is inappropriate to use Internet-Drafts as reference
   material or to cite them other than as "work in progress."

   This Internet-Draft will expire on March 28, 2018.

Copyright Notice

   Copyright (c) 2017 IETF Trust and the persons identified as the
   document authors.  All rights reserved.

   This document is subject to BCP 78 and the IETF Trust's Legal
   Provisions Relating to IETF Documents
   (https://trustee.ietf.org/license-info) in effect on the date of
   publication of this document.  Please review these documents
   carefully, as they describe your rights and restrictions with respect
   to this document.  Code Components extracted from this document must
   include Simplified BSD License text as described in Section 4.e of
   the Trust Legal Provisions and are provided without warranty as
   described in the Simplified BSD License.



Lejendarm & Grenadingue  Expires March 28, 2018                 [Page 1]

Internet-Draft                     COP                    September 2017


1.  Terminology

   In this document, the key words "MUST", "MUST NOT", "REQUIRED",
   "SHALL", "SHALL NOT", "SHOULD", "SHOULD NOT", "RECOMMENDED", "MAY",
   and "OPTIONAL" are to be interpreted as described in BCP 14, RFC 2119
   [RFC2119].

2.  Introduction

2.1.  Context

   The differents humans organization effective on the planet Earth are
   for most of the case the subject of resentment coming from most of
   it's participant and the contentment of a minority.  Starting from
   the premise that the human nature allows any individual to accept a
   system that suits him, the cursor will be moved on those kind of
   organization and theirs implementation.

2.2.  Purpose

   Allow and ease human citizens to regroup themselves into groups.
   Groups must be able to represent values like social ones (friends,
   family, company, ...), like ideological ones (religion, politics,
   ...), like geographical ones (city, country, world, ...).

   Allow and ease establishment and use of tasks and resolving processes
   into and between groups.  Allow and ease decision taking as tasks and
   processes.

2.3.  Requirements

   Citizens grouping must not be exclusive; eg. a citizen must be
   allowed to join different political groups representing the same
   geographical area.

3.  Normative References

   [RFC2119]  Bradner, S., "Key words for use in RFCs to Indicate
              Requirement Levels", BCP 14, RFC 2119,
              DOI 10.17487/RFC2119, March 1997,
              <https://www.rfc-editor.org/info/rfc2119>.

Authors' Addresses

   Toma Cristini

   Email: toma.cristini@epitech.eu




Lejendarm & Grenadingue  Expires March 28, 2018                 [Page 2]

Internet-Draft                     COP                    September 2017


   Nicolas Chauvin

   Email: nicolas.chauvin.dev@gmail.com
















































Lejendarm & Grenadingue  Expires March 28, 2018                 [Page 3]
